CodenBlog is a microblogging application, which allows the users to share their posts with the other users over the world. After loading the application, the user will be asked to create an account and register himself/herself. After registering, the user is redirected to the home page of the application, which has three tabs namely - Feed, People and My Blog. In Feed, all the current trending posts will be displayed. The user can filter out his/her feed through the filter option on the top right of the screen. The user can also search for the posts using the search option. On opening a post, the user can read it with the option of liking and commenting as well. The user can also see the person to whom the post belongs to. In People tab, the most popular people are shown, i.e. those who have the most followers. The user can search the people and open their profile. The user can follow the person and see the posts by the person. In My Blog tab, the user can see the posts that he/she authored and also author more posts. The user can change his own profile from the side menu options, which include uploading a picture, a simple single line about the user, the information about the followers, username and password. There also exists an option of viewing the application in Dark Mode. The user can also access the tutorial of the application from the side menu. For any problem that the user encounters, it can write a message to the developers using the support option in the side menu. 
CodenBlog serves as a platform for sharing views between communities across the entire world. Currently, we have kept it as a platform for discussing programming languages. But it can be easily modified to any other discussion network. CodenBlog uses highly reliable and compatible Firebase for backend services and frontend is made using ionic which is an open source mobile UI toolkit for building high quality, cross-platform native and web app experiences. It moves faster with a single codebase, running everywhere. The source code of the app is open-sourced, making it easy to be debugged by other people and adding more feature as the users increase.
